ENG-1946 - feat: introduce React package documentation (#143)
Basis-Theory/docs: source/includes/api-reference/_getting_started.md

Our SDKs enable you to quickly and easily integrate with the API. Select one of the language tabs to see instructions on how to install the SDK and view code examples in that language.

<aside class="block react">
  <span>

>     If you are a React user, we got you covered! Basis Theory has a React package wherewith you can make API calls from the browser with minimal setup. <a href="/elements#react-package">Go check it out</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is your project using React? we got you covered! Basis Theory's React package enables you to use Elements natively with React with minimal setup. <a href="/elements#react-package">Go check it out</a>.
```

Author: The package is also meant for non-Elements users that may want to call our APIs from the browser. Should we mention it somehow?

Author: @koalaty-code I thought that was a valid word.

Reviewer: ✅
